TLS settings for gRPC (#10653)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/configuration/tls.md

`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.pemtrustedcas_filepath` | Path to the root CAs (PEM format), which must be under the `config` directory, specified using a relative path. Required.

### Keystore and trustore

Name | Description
:--- | :---
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.enabled` | Whether to enable TLS for gRPC. If enabled, only HTTPS is allowed. Optional. Default is `false`.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.keystore_type` | The type of the keystore file, JKS or PKCS12/PFX. Optional. Default is JKS.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.keystore_filepath` | Path to the keystore file, which must be under the `config` directory, specified using a relative path. Required.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.keystore_alias` | The alias name of the keystore. Optional. Default is the first alias.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.keystore_password` | The password for the keystore. Default is `changeit`.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.truststore_type` | The type of the truststore file, JKS or PKCS12/PFX. Default is JKS.

> `plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.truststore_filepath` | Path to the truststore file, which must be under the `config` directory, specified using a relative path. Required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.truststore_filepath` | The path to the truststore file, , specified as a relative path from the `config` directory. The file must reside within the `config` directory. Required.
```

### Pemkey settings (X.509 PEM certificates and PKCS #8 keys)

The following table lists the available gRPC PEM key settings.

Name | Description
:--- | :---
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.enabled` | Whether to enable TLS for gRPC. If enabled, only HTTPS is allowed. Optional. Default is `false`.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.pemkey_filepath` | The path to the certificate's key file (PKCS #8), specified as a relative path from the `config` directory. The file must reside within the `config` directory. Required.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.pemkey_password` | The key password. Omit this setting if the key has no password. Optional.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.pemcert_filepath` | Path to the X.509 node certificate chain (PEM format), which must be under the `config` directory, specified using a relative path. Required.
`plugins.security.ssl.aux.secure-transport-grpc.pemtrustedcas_filepath` | Path to the root CAs (PEM format), which must be under the `config` directory, specified using a relative path. Required.

> ### Keystore and trustore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Keystore and truststore
```
